Q1: Why might be consider using git?

Answer: Git allows for multiple collaboration and version control techniques that makes the software development and and technical work such as data science work more efficient.
For example, Git allows to track version history of files to see changes over time and even being able to revert to previous versions as needed.
Additionally, being able to fork and have multiple individuals commit to the same repository gives increased collaboration between teams of data scientists and software developers.

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give and Example and how it might help

Answer: An example of a field data science can be applied to is the healthcare field. In this field data science can help to predict and model health data and statistics such as
taking previous disease health data from the past, performing analysis and going through the data science methodology/life-cycle, and then developing a model such as a
machine learning model of the data. This model can be developed in a way to predict the likelihood of a disease spreading to certain regions based on the training data which can
overall help in making informed policy decisions for stakeholders such as government health offices among others.

Q3: What is the difference between merging and rebasing?

Answer: Merging combines two branchs by applying changes made on a certain branch to the current branch using a merge commit, keeping historical
records when branches are split and joined. 
On the other hand, rebasing rewrites the version history of commits by applying changes from a certain branch to current directly onto it without the 
merge commit, making changes as if they were made on the branch itself rather than a separate branch. 

Q4: What skills do you hope to improve during this course?

Answer: I hope to improve my data analysis skills in being able to really go through and derive key insights from a variety of data types and databases.
I hope to gain practical skills in all steps of the data science life-cycle from data cleaning and preparation to actually making machine learning models.
I have a strong interest in understanding how to develop machine learning models especially as I have a strong desire to pursue a career in data science.
Furthermore, I want to strengthen my skills in other skills such as Python PANDAS, SQL among others. 
